[user-authn] Add LDAP basic auth support (#17022)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/access/authentication/K8S_API_LB.md

- Deckhouse will set the required arguments for the kube-apiserver.
- A CA certificate will be generated and added to the kubeconfig.
- Login via Dex with OIDC support will be configured.

## Access using Basic Authentication (LDAP)

In addition to OIDC, you can configure direct access to the API using Basic Authentication (username and password). In this case, credentials are verified via LDAP.

To configure:

1. Enable API publishing (`publishAPI` parameter).
2. Configure an LDAP provider in the `user-authn` module and enable the `enableBasicAuth: true` option.

> > **Important:** Only one provider in the cluster can have `enableBasicAuth` enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert level="warning" %}
Only one provider in the cluster can have `enableBasicAuth` enabled.
{% endalert %}
```
